feat(changelog): elastic-metal-added-proxmox-ve-80-available 2025-03-18 (#4652)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2025/2025-03-18-elastic-metal-added-proxmox-ve-80-available.mdx

---
title: Proxmox VE 8.0 available
status: added
date: 2025-03-18
category: bare-metal
product: elastic-metal
---

> We have now made available version 8 of Proxmox VE - Debian 12 (Bookworm) across all compatible offers and in several different availability zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have now released version 8 of Proxmox VE with Debian 12 (Bookworm) across all compatible offerings and in multiple availability zones.
```

> We have now released version 8 of Proxmox VE based on Debian 12 (Bookworm) across all compatible offers and in several different availability zones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have now released version 8 of Proxmox VE based on Debian 12 (Bookworm) across all compatible Elastic Metal offers and in several different Availability Zones.
```
